So you are watching and listening to the
electronic inifada. I am John Elmer.
This is the resistance report for day
916 of Israel's genocide in Gaza. Day 41
of the USIsraeli war against Iran and
day 38 of Hezbollah's battle versus the
Israeli military in South Lebanon uh
against Israeli annexation. Let's take a
look at the first map here. We're going
to show the Persian Gulf cuz obviously
um from the one end up at the top, this
was significant portion of the past week
was dedicated to uh understanding the
mountains uh up in the north uh west
there uh corner there of Iran after the
shootown of an American pilot. And then
on the right hand side of the screen,
you're seeing the straight of Hormuz. We
already saw this morning um that uh the
IRGC has given maps out to the sailors
um showing where the route that they
must go um over that closest island that
you see on the far right uh just off the
tip of the largest island. You can see
the space in between those two islands
on the far right at the top. Um that is
where the so-called uh Tyrron toll booth
is working. uh ships are going through
there. Started a little bit I believe,
but um a lot of reports saying that the
numbers are a lot higher than we're
seeing right now. Um and Iran sent out a
message um the IRGC Navy sent out a
message yesterday saying that uh vessels
had to communicate with them in order to
cross the straight. But the general
wartime uh situation in the strait has a
possibility of changing if this
ceasefire holds um in which case the
toll booth can be used um presumably by
uh all states because if there's not an
aggression on Iran or Lebanon hopefully
on Gaza um that that ships will be able
to pass. And we heard um I don't know
how much it's worth talking about Trump,
but we we we heard him saying that he
might get in on the on the toll booth.
So he he's all over the map. Um so it's
difficult to uh predict from them. But
in in in the from the Iranian point of
view, they stated the statement that we
have heard on this program many times
from the resistance in Gaza and we'll
hear it again later on in the show from
Abu Abda. Um but they said that you
cannot take through negotiations what
you failed to take through war. So these
negotiations are not going to be
something where Iran gives up its main
uh points of b of uh its main points in
order to just have a ceasefire. That
does not uh seem to be in any of Iran's
communications. They started their
message about the 10-point plan by uh
obviously talking about a deep distrust
of the people that they're negotiating
with considering the assassinations um
the perfidious assassinations that uh uh
preceded negotiations in the past two
times in the past um and three if you
want to include Gaza. Um so that is
significant. CNN reported that there's
426 tankers in the straight and 53 LNG
liquid national natural gas uh tankers
in the straight that are going to be
moving. Um we can take that look at the
next slide for that. Um and you can see
the way that the flow through um through
the straight of Hormuz is very tall is
very small because it's a shallow
waterway. It's a rocky shallow waterway.
Um, so vessels have to pass through a
smaller channel than the one that it
looks like uh on this map. There's some
talk that um the Hormuz toll booth uh
would generate $64 billion in revenue
for the Iranians. It would restore
Iranian currency because they're taking
payment in Iranian currency um as well.
um and that they will assert sovereignty
over the strait uh henceforth.
Um we take a look at the next map or or
let's take a look at the first air
defense operations because obviously
this week was defined by Iranian air
defense operations. Uh surfaceto-air
ambushes. This is the downing of an MQ9
Reaper drone that we're seeing on camera
here. On the next one, number four, we
can see um a miss. So, this is part of
the breaking down these videos is it it
the implication of this video was that
this has been a fighter jet that's been
hit, but you can see that it's not the
case. Those are um uh evasive maneuvers
that it's performing right now and you
can see it dumping flares um in order to
throw off the heat seeker of the
missile. So, that's what we're watching
and you can see the Iranians are trying
to get lock on it. There goes the
flares. Um, and you can see that these
videos are published and a lot of people
interpret interpret these as hits. Um,
but we got to break down these videos
for what we see. But the point of this
video is that they've been all over uh
the air defense integrated air defense
of the Iranians has been all over
American and Israeli planes. The
Israelis admit it um that the
surfacetoair missile ambushes are um
effective, very effective. The Israelis
said they wanted to learn from that,
that there was a lot to learn from that.
Um, and the US has been mostly telling
lies, and we'll get uh into that uh
shortly.
Um, let's go to the next one because
this is what we saw um on Friday. Uh a a
an F-15 uh Strike Eagle that was uh shot
down. We can see the parts of it there,
the tail fin. Um, it's a strike eagle
from the 494th Fighter Squadron, which
is part of the 48th Fighter Wing Unit
based out of uh, RAF Lanen Heath in the
UK. Um, the next slide will show you
more pictures that we saw on the ground.
Um, the Americans were silent on this.
In fact, the White House, um, the
Pentagon and Sentcom were silent on
this. the um the sententcom statement uh
was one of their fact check statements
um where they they claim that something
that was claimed happened didn't happen
often it did happen and in this case
through the entire weekend of this uh
plane being shot down um which was major
news obviously in the United States um
they still had up the tweet saying that
it was false um so lies um um and and
really essential omissions um have been
uh the defining moment since the F15 was
shot down. Um the US said it was a
shoulder fired well Trump said it was a
shoulder fired uh lucky shot u but it
was not and this is relevant shortly in
trying to explain the particular
locations of the pilot and the weapons
officer and the plane itself. Um they
would later say that the F-15 was
between 30,000 and 50,000 ft. Um which
is far too high for the 10,000 ft
ceiling of effective ceiling for most uh
manportable air defense systems. Iran
said that they were hit with a new
advanced air defense system. But the
altitude of the F-15 uh when it was hit
is what explains the difference between
the distance between the pilot um who we
have we have no information on the
pilot. The pilot was first. The
Americans say he was rescued um in a
daylight operation seven hours after he
went down. We have lots of witness
footage from on the ground showing the
search, but nothing that shows um the
Americans touching down, but they said
that they had him and that the search
was now uh for the weapons uh service
officer. He is in the back part of the
plane. And if we look at this next
slide, um you can see the ejection and
how the the way that the ejection works
after the pilots have been hit. Um they
pop the canopy off, they catapult at 20
G's. They're literally rocket boosted
out of their seats. Those arrows don't
uh really do justice. If you watch the
videos of uh ejections, it's like a
rocket launch. It's a rocket assisted uh
launch out of the chair um at uh about
400 mph.
Um and so depending on the height of the
plane and how it was damaged, the plane
sailed on for um 7 to 10 minutes. The
pilot was ejected at a different spot at
a different fraction of a second as the
plane is still traveling at 400 mph. And
that explains why one pilot was
apparently on one side of the um uh
Zagros Mountains and the uh weapons
officer was on the other side. Um if we
take a look at this next uh slide, you
could see where the crash site occurred
um and where the wreckage of the uh
American planes uh that were blown up
during the uh said rescue operation. And
you'll see uh in this next map uh the
reason why uh there was some speculation
that this was um a raid on the Isvahan
nuclear facility based on the um
distance from uh Isvahan.
Um so that shows you the Persian Gulf.
We're looking at the Persian Gulf and up
on the north uh western tip uh of the
Persian Gulf is where um the pilot was
said to go down. But again, the pilot
was we only know about the pilot being
rescued based on Americans statements.
We never saw planes touch down uh for
that part of the um from for to get the
pilots back to rescue the pilots. Um and
we can look at the next map uh as well.
Um,
okay. This is this is the planes that
were shot down during So, the first uh
rescue attempt was in the day. It was in
the daylight. Um, and the US lost um uh
an A10 Growler that we're looking at
here. Um, the uh the Warthog, as it's
known, it is a uh close air support uh
plane. It was shot down and its pilot um
apparently bailed out in Kuwait. The
plane crash landed in Kuwait during the
attempt to um to to rescue the first
pilot. Um we can go to the next one now
and see um this is the profile of the
helicopters that were shot down. These
are two um combat search and rescue
versions of Blackhawk helicopters. Two
of these were shot down during that
first day in the daylight. Um so the
Americans lost a significant um we can
add it to the tally of significant
costly losses uh to the Americans.
Again, really sketchy reporting on this.
Um we know they were shot down by
Iranian ground fire. Um but again, no
reports on the the state of the fourman
crew. um two of them, so eight crew
members that apparently got shot out of
the sky and we haven't heard uh anything
about their conditions or whether they
were injured. Um these two planes are um
search and rescue versions of Blackhawk
helicopters um and they're part of the
would be part of the rescue uh package.
And the next one we see is the um
HC130J.
And these are similar to the um these
are similar to the C130s except these
are for uh austere runways to land um in
areas to insert special forces. And we
saw these planes be used in Afghanistan
to insert special forces for raids,
which is also part of the reason that um
there's some discussion about whether
this was actually um a fake out and a
raid on the nuclear uh to try to the
Iranians are calling it the uranium
heist. Um but the evidence that we have
so far um isn't enough to take us down
that road. Um, we still have a lot to
learn about this, but two of these
planes that are very uh specific and
there are not many of them in the US um
arsenal were uh shot down or were blown
up on the runway um in the capture in
the um rescue of the pilots. Um so these
two uh hundred million plus dollar
planes um were lost as well. And we can
look at the next slides. Inside these
planes are these um these MH6
um MH6 or AH6 if it has um uh offensive
capabilities on these helicopters. But
these are special forces helicopters um
that are used to carry in this case it
was SEAL team six that was doing this
operation along with the um the par
rescuers. Um, and so again, this looks
like a special forces mission. Um, if
you don't have the pilot involved, um, a
special forces mission may look like,
um, the insertion that we saw. Um, I'm
still skeptical of that. I don't think
the US had any intention of going on
land in Iran. And I think that the
amount of things that went wrong in this
um um purported rescue operation um show
the signs of how difficult um the any
kind of an operation um that would have
to traverse over a second mountain to
reach ifahan. um and then gather the
materials which are unknown uh in an
unknown location and take those back. Um
and in terms of setting up a forward
base, it wouldn't be where you would set
up a forward base. It was just um uh
apparently a crop duster runway
essentially. Um but the C130s
um the HC130 can land in that short
space. So in that moment of time um when
they were trying to leave the site that
they had landed as the sun was coming up
the first day operations was daylight
they got lit up they lost all their
planes um so they did it the next day
the second day they did it overnight and
as sun as the sun was coming up on the
third day um their plane they realized
that their plane was stuck the C1 HC130s
were stuck um and they were forced to
destroy them uh with air strikes and to
um uh then a Delta Force unit came in
and extracted um the crews that were on
those um vehicles and removed them out.
So to add uh so we lo So they lost two
um HC130s, they lost four little birds,
the MH6s or AH6s, they lost an A10
Thunderbolt. Um they lost a number of
MQ9 Reaper drones, at least two on the
first day and one on the second day. Um
that were shot down by Iran. Um and they
also shot down the two uh Blackhawk uh
rescue versions of the Blackhawk
helicopters. You can add that to the 10
KC135s
that had been lost. uh two in a in a um
aerial accident where six of the pilot
of the crew were killed and then the
others on the runways at the air bases
in uh Saudi and in Jordan. They've lost
dozens of Reaper drones. Um the Israelis
have lost dozens of drones as well,
several dozen. Um we know about the
F-15s that were shot down in Kuwait by
friendly fire. They lost two um Awax um
the E3 centuries, the battlefield um uh
radar essentially over the battlefield,
which is a significant loss. We reported
on the show last week. Um we watched
F-35s get clipped. We watched an F-18
get clipped. We watched an F-15 get
clipped. So all of these uh assets um
are clearly showing that Iran has air
defense systems and um the shot the
shootown of the F-15 um on Friday was
right after Trump said that they had
that the Iranians had zero air defenses
and then they come up with enough air
defenses to um to effectively down the
full set of uh of um combat search and
rescue aircraft in this uh situation.
So, um let's take a look at what they
look like on the ground. Now, number 10
here.
Um you can see this video from uh on the
ground. You can see the destruction
there. You see the little birds. Um the
C130s are completely destroyed.
According to American media reports, 40
bombs were dropped from B1 bombers on
this site alone and another 100 bombs
were dropped in the area around it to
cut off the roads around this area to
not allow anyone in. Um, and that uh
Reaper drones were patrolling the area,
firing on anybody that came close. So,
you could see complete destruction um of
these uh pretty significant jets. And if
we look at 11, you can see the little
birds in particular there on the right,
uh, destroyed. The little birds, they
come out of the back of the C130s. Um,
there you can see a better shot of it.
They come out the back of the they're
loaded onto the C130s in their underbay.
They drop the underbay and they bring
out the little birds and they literally
put the propellers onto them and
assemble them. and they can get them
assembled in um as little as seven
minutes from touchdown and they get
those planes uh in the air. The story
that the Americans tell is that um the
plane was the C130s got stuck which um
on the makeshift landing and couldn't
get out. Um, and so they had to destroy
everything and get uh Delta Force uh
rescue force to come in on unmarked
planes um and extract everybody that was
involved in that operation. Again, lot
of information that we don't have yet.
Um we'll stay on top of that story and I
think um that story is going to be in
the news for quite some time. um it
wrapped by the Americans saying that
they had recovered both of the pilots,
the both the pilot and the weapon
service officer. There was a lot of talk
all weekend about what it would mean for
Iran to capture um those pilots. Um and
in the end uh uh in the end from what we
know um the the uh the the rescue
operation was according to the Americans
successful uh although full of uh
catastrophic mistakes. Um now let's look
at the targeting that we always do the
mapping of the targets for Iran and the
region. This is the map we've been using
the whole time but it's a good idea.
It's a good one for showing you uh the
key bases. Aluade air base in Kuwait and
the naval support activity uh
headquarters of the fifth fleet uh the
navy that oversees the central command
area have been hammered throughout this
war. Um the air bases in Kuwait, you can
see the number of them. Kuwait is a key
hub um for the Americans since the Gulf
War, but uh particularly through um the
global war on terror as they called it
um in Iraq and Afghanistan. Uh Bahrain
targeted, Qatar targeted, the UAE has
been hit a lot. Um and we can see those
bases um were continued to be targeted
this week. Let's take a look at the
missile strikes. I have made you uh
another missile mix um in order to show
you basically all of the launches over
the past week. Um there's been more than
100 waves of um ballistic missile and
drone attacks. That's how the IRGC has
organized um their uh um attacks under
waves. And the waves can be smaller or
larger. Um they can they can go all day.
Some waves have four and five parts to
them. So, it doesn't indicate the number
of missiles fired um because that varies
um throughout the throughout this war um
the numbers, but we're talking dozens um
so several dozens and we're talking
about on Israel um air raid sirens in
Israel um 10, 12, 15 times a day. Um,
they got some different shots here of
the missiles um in the uh in the sunset,
I guess you could say. They uh added
that uh artistic flare to see the
missile more than just off of the uh
ground. These were this for one example,
the 96th wave. Um the IRGC said that it
was a response to the enemy attack on
the B1 Karaj Bridge, which was a brand
new bridge um leading out of Thrron. Uh
obviously a civilian bridge. Um and in
response to that um the Iranians said
that they targeted um the they targeted
civilian uh infrastructure in uh various
countries. They said a severe attack on
a refinery and supplying supplying fuel
for the child killing fighter jets of
the Israeli entity in Hifa. Uh an attack
on American gas facilities, Exxon Mobile
Chevron located in the UAE. A missile
attack on the prochemical facilities
producing fuel materials for the
American armed drones and military
products for the Israeli entity in Aro
uh United Arab Emirates. Um we can see
these videos uh have changed over the
course of this battle. But um always
very telling to see the difference in
the missiles launched. We saw their um
high-end missile top top shelf missiles
like the Sajil being fired. We saw one
Hajkasam be fired which hadn't been used
previous in the war. And um again it
matches with Iran's statements that in
the beginning of the war they were
firing their old stock um and in the
later parts of the war um are getting
into their more capable missiles that
are much more difficult to intercept and
we've seen that both uh in the Gulf
countries but also in Israel itself. Um
just one more of the missile launches.
This is uh the view from Shiraz. Um
Ahmed talked about how they have
demonstrations on the streets. There's
been 100 waves um of missile attacks. Um
there's been 60 waves of army attacks
and there's been 40 straight days on the
streets um protesting and in solidarity
um with Iran on the streets. And this is
missiles fired over that demonstration
in Shiraz. Um, so this is what the
people of Iran, this is a civilian
camera um, from people in Iran showing
um, the missile launches as Ahmed
reported earlier on the show. If you
didn't catch that, um, you should go
back and check it out because it's great
interview from on the ground in Iran.
Um, let's take a look at the missiles
arriving uh, in Israel. We've got audio
in for the next two slides.
again. So, you can see just a direct
hit. We're looking at from an upper
floor of an apartment building. We
watched the red streak um and then the
camera gets blown off the balcony by the
blast wave um of that first strike.
Let's look at the second strike.
same thing. A strike through uh a
civilian area that uh you would be told
is uh targeting civilians, which Iran
hasn't done throughout this war um at
all. In fact, if we look at the next
slide, you can see what the target was.
Um it was the total loss of a drone
factory in uh Petatikva
um that was hit by an Iranian ballistic
missile. This is a factory of aerosol
um aviation. It builds pilot gear, bomb
components, drones, um all of which are
for the Israeli uh military. Uh and you
can see that's a direct strike on it, an
accurate hit. um clearly the target. Um
and so if Iran wanted to put accurate
hits on um apartment towers in Tel Aviv,
they can certainly do that. Um they have
chosen to not do that at this point uh
in the war. Um and that is why it's the
same in the Gulf. The Gulf targets have
been the same. And that's why across
Israel and all through the Gulf, um the
numbers of dead are only in the 30s and
most of them are foreign workers. Um I
mean foreign workers is a a generous
term to describe uh many of the
conditions of the workers in the Gulf
countries. Um clearly being forced to
work uh when others are taking shelter.
Um but that explains it and you can see
here a direct hit. the factory is
basically doesn't exist anymore. Um, a
significant warhead uh struck that. Now,
let's look at some drone attacks here
coming up. Number 18, I think we're on
now.
Uh, IRGC drone attacks carried out by
the naval uh force here. Um, targeting
HIMAR batteries in Kuwait, a US Patriot
system in Bahrain, attack missile sites
in uh in Bahrain as well. a gathering of
senior US comm military commanders in
the UAE. Um the Oracle building in the
UAE. So specific targets related always
to the targets that the Americans and
Israelis hit. Um these are retaliation
retaliatory strikes and uh Iran
maintains escalation dominance when
Israel or the US escalate. So does Iran.
Uh we can look at the next one is uh the
army because the army is separate from
the IRGC but they're fighting their own
battle. Number 19 is um Artesh they call
the army you can see them launching
their Arash 2 drones. These are
specially built long range um uh drones
that have stealth capability, solid
warhead and are aimed uh are designed
for long range strikes on Israel. um and
Jordan because in this case they
targeted the Al Azarak air base in
Jordan which is Mouafa Kal Salti which
is the key hub for um as they say a
strateg important strategic and command
center of the aggressor Israelis uh in
the West Asia region and the Americans
that base is used by both of them and as
the war has gone on we've seen more um
uh a little more detail we see the the
launch crews uh now more um you can the
um their expressions, their comments
before launching. Of course, a lot of
these drone and missile strikes are
dedicated to uh to martyrs. Sometimes
martyrs as recently as a few minutes
before the attack, sometimes going um
all the way back to um key resistance
figures um all through the battle. Um
and we've seen that all throughout this
war. Um the uh attacks on the second
part of these uh art attacks were on
prochemical plants after Israel hit uh
prochemical plants in Iran. Um and they
responded right away with these hits on
prochemical facilities in Kuwait and
elsewhere in the Gulf. Um Netanyahu
bragged after hitting the prochemical
sites that um he said that the targeted
sites were a money machine that brought
in revenue for the uh Iranian
government. At some point somewhere else
uh they said that it was $18 billion
which is um uh fraction of the amount of
money the Americans have given the
Israelis um in their um
uh for their allowance.
Um so those are the uh army drone
strikes. Um we can look at number 20
here because we got a satellite footage
um of a TH that THAAD another THAAD
battery destroyed at Prince Sultan air
base in um in Saudi Arabia. And of
course in the statement to the New York
Times, Planet Labs, who is the primary
um satellite that uh satellite provider
that people used um and the reason why
we haven't seen battle damage assessment
since the first week of the war when we
saw them losing literally billions of
dollars in radars. Um Planet Lab said to
the US government request was made for
safety and operational security reasons.
It would be voluntarily we will be
voluntarily withholding imagery over the
area indefinitely until the conflict
ends and switch to a managed
distribution of image deemed to not pose
a safety risk. So not clear what the
safety risk is of showing battle damage.
Um they don't obviously need the
satellites to target these because
they're uh battle damage assessments. So
they already hit it. So, I don't know
what uh what argument could be made for
safety. This is clearly naked propaganda
and and censorship um following the uh
Israeli
uh the way the Israelis uh keep keep the
the satellite providers at a distance
and why we never get good satellite
images of Gaza. of people wondered why
is it that we get this nice clear uh
satellite image where we never saw
anything like that in Gaza. You
basically have to um you have to be able
to read tea leaves to understand the
distance and the um resolution quality
that we get uh on Israeli u satellite
imagery. Okay, let's look at another
lost aircraft. A uh a Chinook, US
Shinook lost on uh base in Kuwait. And
as we do every week, um number 22 is the
Iraqi front. Um the Iraqi front has been
uh ba fiercely battling in this uh in
this uh 40-day war so far. They joined
immediately on day one. They've executed
more than 850 operations targeting
Syria, Jordan, Kuwait, but especially
concentrated on US positions in Iraq and
Iraqi Kurdistan, particularly the
embassy and the Baghdad airport. Um
those are have been the main targets for
the Iraqi resistance. Um and I've shown
you one on each uh of the shows. Um so
let's take a look now at Lebanon. And I
will just remind you that you are
watching and listening to the electronic
inifat. This is the resistance report
for day 916. We're going to look at
Hezbollah right now. Um because uh
Hezbollah has been fire fighting a
fierce battle against Israel's so Israel
suggested attempts that they were going
to take up to the Latani River. We're
looking at a map here on the screen that
shows Israel at the bottom. The blue
line is the um de facto border. Um and
then all of South Lebanon up to the
Latani River. Um Israel said that they
were going to hold. Well, they changed
their mind this week that that's no
longer the goal. The goal is now simply
a 3 kilometer buffer zone uh around the
border to push fire up. And as uh Roa uh
Rokaya uh Shamsadin reported for us
excellently again for the second week in
a row. You can listen to that along with
Norah's Gaza News report uh reported on
the uh massacres of civilians that
happened uh yesterday. a large wave of
Israeli air strikes against Hezbollah in
Lebanon using 50 fighter jets dropped
160 bombs on 100 targets within 10
minutes. However, the air force they
bragged about it even more. They said it
was 60 seconds. Uh that there's their
intention to carry out that heinous
massacre in 60 seconds and they called
it uh eternal darkness was the way they
named um their operation. So again,
another revealing uh Israeli uh sadism,
I guess you could say. Um
let's take So there's five Israeli uh uh
divisions that are fighting spread
across from Nura, Bintage Bale, and then
up the Galilee panhandle over to uh Meun
and uh Hiam that are up on the top of
the uh uh panhandle that you see on the
right hand side. And you can see how
those places touch virtually touch the
Latani River. So, Israeli forces are
attempting to push forward for a few
kilometers, take a picture on the Latani
River, and say they achieved their
military goals. But really, this week
during an IDF briefing, um they claimed
that they're no longer trying to disarm
Hezbollah, which they said they already
did. If people remember back for the
last two years, they said they won that
war because they blew up uh a bunch of
people's hands with pagers. uh in a mass
terror attack um and they assassinated
senior leadership. So they believed that
they had won the war. But that was not
the case because in 2024 the 60-day
invasion of South Lebanon failed. Israel
didn't invade Lebanon. Um they were
unsuccessful. And what they did achieve
in Lebanon was to put five advanced
military posts inside Lebanon. But they
did that under the cover of the
ceasefire. um as Israel is want to do
for these things um violating the
ceasefire in its fundamental way. Um now
let's look at the next map because this
will show um you can see it over that
previous map. This is where the
engagements um face-to-face fighting has
happened from Nakura on the west coast
to Bintage Bale um and then up again up
at the top uh in the Marajun area and
then up at the very top on the right
that's Hiam uh where they're facing
ground forces that are repelling Israeli
operations. Um we can take a look at one
of those operations here number 25 we're
at now. Um this is in uh
T Bay in the uh Marij Jayun area and you
can see a tank here that is withdrawing.
Um Israeli newspaper clippings talked
about this operation cuz this was
Israeli soldiers fleeing. Um and
Hezbollah is showing us that here.
That's a report from uh MCO news that
says the vehicles were left behind. They
left three excavators behind um during a
panicked withdrawal, a panicked retreat.
Information received by MCO agency
indicates that during the attack
launched by forces in South Lebanon,
which included deep penetration into
hostile territory using heavy
engineering means, uh heavy fire was
opened on the forces using mortars, um
high altitude rockets, and precision
missiles. The incident did not end at
this point. Shortly after the panicked
retreat, uh Hezbollah fighters came down
and encircled the uh area um in case the
troops came back to get their uh uh
their
uh what do you call excavators, front
end excavators, front end loaders that
they had left that they were trying to
um change the geography of the land in
South Lebanon to make it a little easier
for them. Here is how Hezbollah dealt
with that. Um, launching here 122
millimeter Grad rockets, Kushias as they
call them in uh, Lebanon. They're
actually Iranian rockets. They're not
GRDs. Um, all of these weapons are
Iranians built by an indigenous uh,
Iranian weapons industry. And many of
them are built by Hezbollah. The drones
um and the uh guidance systems that are
added onto rockets for precision to make
them precisiong guided missiles. That is
all done by Hezbollah. But you can see
here they're pounding them uh at the
site with uh with rocket fire. And
rocket fire underpins all of these
operations. It's been the thing that
they've done the most. upwards of 7,000
uh rockets and missiles have been fired
uh during this part of the war during
the last uh 30 um 38 days. Today's day
38 uh of this battle. Um and you can see
that uh this is the field report because
Hzbala puts out these field reports
every day. um we log them and track them
and it's how we can uh on this program
uh connect the dots because uh and count
the operations and understand uh what's
going on in the battlefield because
their command and control is perfectly
intact. They're filing these field
reports immediately. They're not
delayed. Um they clearly have
communication. Now we're watching them
walk through what looks like an
abandoned campground. Um but it's where
is Israeli forces were setting up.
Yahalom tunnel units. Apparently, one
soldier was killed and five were wounded
in the uh artillery and rocket attacks.
There's a bridge that they used to get
over the river, the river BAR, um there
to cross over um and they were ambushed
in this site um and fled. And you can
see their shoes left behind there. Um
you can see their belts, you can see
their attempts. This is a a a makeshift
bridge um to get over to this area. So,
just complete abandonment. And we're
going to see in a moment here as the
fighter works his way along. Um there
you see a dinghy used for supplies to
get across the river. Um and we're going
to see them walk up here to the
excavators. Three uh excavators that
were abandoned uh during the um during
the retreat. And the soldier that was
killed um was a lone soldier, a foreign
fighter from New Jersey who didn't live
in Israel, didn't have any connection to
Israel, uh but wanted to go and fight in
Israel's army, and he was killed in this
operation. One of at least 13 the
Israelis have admitted to. Don't feel
super confident that that's an accurate
number. for the Israelis and the
Americans have been very tight- lipped
about um the information front in this
war. There you were looking at the uh
excavators there left behind. Um that
one looks like it had been hit. It's got
broken glass. Um but you can see these
are the excavators that we saw in uh
Gaza as well. Caterpillar uh always
supporting uh Israeli apartheid and
criminal aggressions uh with their gear.
you can see there also blown up uh
through the rocket attacks that are um
throughout this whole video. And one of
the interesting things that we're going
to see throughout this uh report is that
the uh military media department in
Hzbollah has given the fighters cameras
in a way that they didn't uh in the
previous war. So these are not um
official media these are not official
cameramen or um as we can see skilled
cameramen um but they are uh recording
their operations and we're seeing things
because of that that we never saw in the
first battle in two in 2023 and 2024.
Um, Hezbollah was very secretive about
uh about the um about the operations,
about the tools that they were using.
And now we're getting to see uh a lot
more in these recent videos. Um let's
take a look at the number 26. This is
the map of um the rocket strike. So you
can see in the bottom of this map there
is um an inset map uh zoomed in on the
the border line up at the top. And what
Hezbollah is doing is hitting Israeli
military positions, troop movements,
makeshift bases. Um, anywhere the
Israelis move to, they're being shelled
from across the border. Um, all the way
along uh more than 6,500 upwards of
7,000 rockets um have been fired and
they're aiming at troops all along the
borders there. And it's been the
underpinning um of this operation uh
which has carried which has been uh
using all different types of weapons but
really founded on if you look on the
left you can see um that the red circles
mean uh the dark red circles mean more
than 60 hits on the same positions or
the smaller ones are 30 to 50 hits on
the same position. Um 15 to 30 hits on
the same position. So, they're just
being pounded uh in uh in their their
their rear bases. Um and as we saw in
the previous video, in their forward
bases as well, but uh this has been
critical to uh Hzbollah's operations.
Let's take a look at this next video
because this is going to uh combine all
the things that I just described. Um
here's fighters. Uh the first fighter
says that um we're going to show you the
outside now. He's talking to the FOD
launcher here. This is a uh fatty rocket
launcher that is in a hardened shelter
truck mounted. And you can see that he
is smashing out the cinder block walls
of the hardened shelter. And that's what
the other uh Hezb fighter says. He says,
"Let's show it the outside. Let's show
the fatty the outside because it's been
hiding in here uh all this time." And
there's the truck um in pretty rough
shape, but it gets the job done. Um
there was a long report uh by Hezbollah
about another FOD launcher that uh we'll
break down in a future show because
there's a lot of detail to it. Um but
you can see there from a hardened
shelter. Now we're going to watch the
fighters wire it up. We can see them
with their control panels. These are all
things that were previously never shown
uh in Hezbollah operations. Um so we're
seeing a lot. Um previously we would
just see the launch or we might see the
fighters. There you see the fighters
give the victory sign before launching.
Uh and this fighter who's got the
camera, he says uh he says, "This is my
first time uh with the camera, so if I
flinch, don't judge me." Uh as the Fabi
launches u makes a significant noise. Um
and he's saying there's another victory
sign from the fighters. So we're really
seeing the fighters for the first time
um rather than being behind the fighters
uh that we saw in the um the first war.
There's the launch. Um, and the, uh,
cameraman didn't flinch. So, uh, good on
him for that. But it's important to note
that Hezbollah were the founders of this
military media. Um, they did it going
back to beta and VHS tapes um that they
would deliver um to um to television
stations that would show it to prove
their operations against the Israelis
because the Israelis just lie. And then
the fighters all get back in the truck
and they drive off. And so this is
definitely something we never used to
see. Um but they're driving off in the
truck after a successful operation. Um
so a very interesting one there. Um the
next one we're going to see the multiple
launch rocket system. And this is um
what's really again we're seeing them in
the truck on their way to the site. This
is dangerous operation. But uh one thing
that we learned from the Israelis and
one of the reasons why the Israelis
don't think that they can take the area
all the way up to the Latani, well they
can't because of the fighters um but
also that they um they can't do it. They
would take heavy losses. Um and also
they've realized that uh the rockets
aren't fired from south of the Latani.
Um these are uh these larger
particularly these larger uh multiple
launch they they can be fired from
behind the latani river and uh many of
the heavier missiles and rockets that
they have have 200 plus kilometer range.
So the latani river isn't any kind of a
border. Previously when they only fired
Kouta rockets, it was somewhat useful
because of the range of the Kushias, but
that's a bygone era. Again, we get we
see in this video um the fighters all
around um the the
um the launcher. We see what the
circumstances is around the fighters.
This is a dangerous moment for them.
They've got a Hezbollah flag hanging off
the launcher. They're communicating with
each other uh about the launch. Um
um yeah, and Israel says that they that
Hezbollah has between 1,000, sorry,
between 8,000 and 10,000 missiles left.
This is compared to 40,000 um that they
had before October 7th. But we know that
before October 7th, Israel said that
number was in the many hundreds of
thousands. So, um there's a lot of uh
revisionist uh revisionist history going
on here because Israel said they
defeated Hezbollah. They clearly didn't.
We're seeing Hezbollah fighting at a
tempo of operations that we've never
seen before in any of their previous
wars going all the way back to the
1980s. Um the number of operations um in
the last two days before the war there
was 160 operations. Here again you can
see them pulling up the truck for
another multiple launch. Um and it's
just very interesting to see um these
details um from the commanders. Um and
this fighter is uh addressing the camera
saying that they will not leave uh the
battlefield. Um so significant
significant develop developments on the
rocket um and uh missile front here by
Hezbollah.
Let's take a look at the next one. It's
uh this is a remarkable one. Um we're
going to watch them set up here. World
War II era field guns um that we're
seeing them set up here that we have
never seen before. Didn't know they had.
Um but this is for the defense of
Bintage Bale. They said that there are
uh fighters uh Israeli soldiers
mustering uh into the south of the town.
Um and so you can see the fighters here.
They're talking about amongst each other
talking about uh recording this part. Is
it okay to record this part? He's like,
"Yeah, it's fine to record it." And you
see them setting it up. You see the
cameraman there, uh, again, and these
are firing off very rare weapons that I
don't think many people expected to see.
Um, this is a KS19 100 mm anti-aircraft
gun that's being loaded up here and
being used as an anti-personnel weapon
to fire on those troops that are down
uh, in this uh, southern area of Bintage
Bale. If this war continues, Bintage
Bale will be a major battleground
strategic uh location. A long history of
resistance in Bintage Bale. The 2006 war
essentially died uh in Bintage Bale
because of the resistance uh there. So
the the fight for Bintage Bale will be
significant there. Again, the fighter
with the victory signs. We see a little
bit of their personality. We see the
details that go into covering this.
We're watching a fighter here um remove
the netting that um that covers the the
weapon in the forest. They're deep
inside the forest here. Um setting up
these guns. Um the second one is 122 mm
uh toad howitzer. So a full-on uh World
War II era field gun that they're going
to fire with the rope that you can see
there pulling it off. And it's a massive
blast. Um but these kind of guns, should
they have enough um uh ammunition for
them, will definitely slow the advance
of the Israelis. Um although for uh
Hezbollah's fighting doctrine, um
they're not they're not treating the
Israelis entering uh the town the city
the town it's really a town of Bintage
Bale um as uh the defeat. Um they're not
fighting for a single rock. Nasalla said
it uh many times before that our
fighters are more valuable than a piece
of of stone. So they're not going to
hold some arbitrary line. Um they're
going to encircle um and fight a
guerilla warfare um that allow that
doesn't allow the Israelis to uh take
control um of the city. And when they
are in the city, they will be hit um
regularly. And you can watch this be
fired um out of the bush and it's pretty
remarkable bush that you see there. Um
this is the the nature of the fight in
South Lebanon and part of the um
significant advantage that Hezbollah has
uh on this territory. Let's take a look
at the next one because we are seeing
here the underground missile bases um of
the uh Hezbollah fighters. We're
watching here um a flashlight fighter
walking down into a tunnel apparatus. He
chose one direction, but it looked like
he could have gone two directions. Same
with that one there. He could have gone
to the left, he went to the right,
suggesting that these missile silos,
these missile bases are significant.
They're not single uh they're not single
rail. But here, they're now walking in
this cave in this tunnel and they're
going to turn here and you're going to
see uh the rail launcher here for the
CDER um precisiong guided ballistic
missile. There's Immad Magna, the um the
military uh architect of Hzbollah
uh uh always saluting the fighters. We
saw it in Gaza. We saw it in Iran. We
always see it in Lebanon. But you can
see the single rail there. So this is
being launched from underground on a
single rail. It can be launched the you
saw at each of the turns when he decided
to go left or right. You could see a
blast door at each of those turns. And
that's how you know um it's a fully
functioning uh missile silo because
those blast doors have to be blocked at
all times um for the launch. Um and and
it's why the Israelis can't defeat the
missile silos um in Iran. We're going to
find that in this twoe period of time,
Iran is going to dig out um their buried
silos in so far as they were hit, they
can simply be um dug out. And here's
Hezbollah showing um the uh locations of
these missiles because they were high-V
value targets. They targeted the
Hakiria, the IDF's headquarters, and
Aman, their military intelligence uh
barracks on this operation was March
26th. We're getting these videos about a
week delayed um about a week after the
operations. We're getting them. And you
can see even just from week to week the
um the improvements in targeting and um
the uh the tempo of it the number just a
straight number of operations. There you
see Nasalla under this. And this second
uh 622 millimeter coder 2 that carries a
400 kilogram warhead uh is aimed at uh
the human uh shields base uh IDF base uh
in Tel Aviv. the Hakiria the campus is
the headquarters of the IDF in Tel Aviv
and is completely surrounded by
civilians even though it's a new inst
it's an old base but it's uh been
modernized and they embrace the fact
that it has human shields uh in downtown
Tel Aviv. Number 31 is a map about
anti-tank operations because uh using
rocket as cover fire, keeping troops um
behind the lines uh under fire. Um the
anti-tank ops are the first level of
defense uh of the territory in South
Lebanon. Again, these match up uh pretty
straight pretty directly with the uh
Israeli areas to press on. You can see
anti-tank operations. This is from the
first month of the war. So this goes to
April 1st from March 2nd. Um, and
they're they're talking about uh 136 uh
Israeli tanks had been targeted um along
with uh 25 other vehicles, bulldozers,
uh Humvees we've seen be hit. U but
again, that map just gives you a sense
of where those anti-tank operations are.
And you can see the massive hole in the
middle of what is supposed to be the
area uh that Israel says that it's going
to claim. And you can clearly see after
a month that they have um barely ad
they've barely advanced because they
already were in forward positions inside
Lebanon because of their positions in
the ceasefire. Um so they really only
moved one ridge forward uh in this
entire 40-day battle. Um let's take a
look at 32 because the anchor of these
operations of course are these almass
attacks, these um uh cloned Israeli uh
spike systems. And this here is the
longest we've seen of the setup of the
Almas anti-tank guided missile uh
launcher. Here you can see the fighters
setting it up. And again, this is just a
a totally different view than we had
seen of them before. We maybe got this
view that you're seeing here now with
the fighter uh holding on just about
getting his readings in and just about
to launch. You can see his spotter
beside him. We might have gotten just
the front half of that in previous
videos, but now we see the way the
tandem the team works together. Um these
are uh hunter killer teams uh tank
killer teams um firing these top attack
anti-tank guided missiles that come as
the name suggests from above which is um
partially designed to um evade uh
counter measures uh active protection
systems from the Israeli military. But
here we're going to see him put it right
through the hatch uh of that uh Merkova
tank there. Uh this operation was in
Alba,
so right near where the uh the troops
fled from uh earlier on. And again, you
see the footage because we're on the
missile with the Almas. Um and number
33, we'll get to these drones. Israel
showed us uh the drones that the
quadcopter drones that we've seen um
been flying. Uh Israel showed us wanted
us to see what they looked like on the
ground. And I'm not sure that that was
the best idea because uh what it shows
is a brilliant uh setup by Hezbollah.
Clean, smart, cheap, easy to assemble
with resilient, undetectable uh supply
chains. They're using common parts that
are in all kinds of other things um that
make it impossible to stamp out the
supply chain. They're all easily
available. And at each component, at
each choice that they've made here, from
the battery pack to the propeller to the
brushless motor, um to the weight, the
number of batteries per pack, um all of
these are interchangeable and can be uh
tweaked as uh necessary for heavier um
warheads. And you can see the warheads
there. You may remember those from Gaza.
Those are anti-tank warheads. Those are
just single charge 80 millimeter
anti-tank warheads, high explosive
warheads. Um
I I expected we would see more tandemss
like we see Yasin 105s. Um it's possible
that Hezbollah just doesn't have a lot
of those because they trained their
forces to be tank killers and they use
the coret system and they use the Almas
system um which are far heavier, more
effective uh systems. Whereas in Gaza,
they didn't have the ability to import.
And a smart move for them was to make
super light uh very easy to use uh put
it a weapon in the hand anti-tank weapon
in the hand of every fighter that has
the ability to penetrate um the merk of
a tank um not nearly as much as a cornet
or an Almas. And so it's possible we
have seen some tandemss in in Lebanon,
but we see Hezbollah using them for the
RPG29
um which is a shoulder fired um system.
And it's just far more effective to use
the tandem uh warhead in the RPG29
rather than on these um uh quadcopters
that we're seeing. But the the total
build here, these are all parts parts
that are costing, you know, propeller,
carbon fiber frame, brushless motor,
customizable battery array, uh custom
flight controller based on the weight,
the camera, the transmitter, the
antenna. All of these choices were smart
choices, widely available, all used in
other applications. That's what we've
seen for Iran to uh stifle sanctions for
the amenes who are under blockade um to
use these parts that are not specific to
this one uh drone like using Chinese G
drones that don't allow you this kind of
flexibility. So this is really a
brilliant move that um Israel's
accidentally showing and presumably
showing other resistance groups um as
well. So, it's like, you know, to put
this entire package together minus the
warhead. Um, it the range is something
you could get them for 150 bucks. Um,
the top end of the range was a few
hundred. So, let's say $250 per drone.
Um, and they have been really effective.
Um, let's take a look at how effective
they've been. I made a um
a stitch up here, a mixtape if you will,
uh, of a bunch of drone strikes. And
again, look at the topography here that
they're fighting in that Israel has to
navigate through these low-lying areas
uh in the mountains. Here we're going to
see a tank get hit and aimed at the
tracks for a mobility kill of that tank
because as we know from Gaza, Casam
never fired these single round warheads
at a tank because they don't penetrate.
Um, so what you have to do is you have
to pick your targets. You have to hit
tracks. Um, you have to put it through
open doors that we're going to see in a
bit here. Um, and and to make them
effective because they're essentially
carrying an RPG warhead underneath the
you can see the the propellers there on
the upper right and the um the anti-tank
missile is underneath. So there we saw
the back door of a Nom troop carrier
which makes perfect sense. We saw from
Casam's uh targeting documents that the
back door is where they are targeting
from. Here's a an Eton. This is the
first Eton uh wheeled fighting vehicle
that we've seen. But watch, he'll bypass
the Eton and go right into the base and
take it right in through the front door
of the base. This is a hospital that
Israel is using. They evacuated the
hospital, destroyed it, and now they're
using it as a base. um you're going to
see the pilots, even just the
development of the pilots in the in the
four weeks of this war is significant.
Rather than barreling into that uh
target, he's looping around to see if
there's a better target. Here he sees uh
an unarmored or lightly armored uh
Humvey and it's attacked. So these uh
we've seen adaptation of the uh
targeting system as well um un
underpinned by the adaptation to create
these drones uh in the first place. Here
they're coming down on another set of
that looks like a school. Um I couldn't
I couldn't uh pinpoint which school it
was, but um they're using them. And here
you see them assembling. Again,
something we would never see from
Hezbollah. We saw this a little bit from
Casam. um but assembling the uh the
drone there from the various parts and
it's easy to do. Anyone can do it. You
don't have to have your drone
specialists. Um you don't have to have a
special supply chain that could be cut
off. Um it's all just really smart um
wise way of conducting guerrilla warfare
in the 21st century. And this is a D9
armored bulldozer and an excavator that
we're seeing. Again, Casam would fire
this weapon at a bulldozer. So, this
makes uh what the resistance calls an
appropriate weapon, uh fit for purpose,
if you will. Um so, we've seen those
adaptations. People might remember back
a couple weeks ago when I was showing
these um we show there underneath
towards the engine, uh trying to hit the
engine block for a mobility kill. Early
on in these videos, we saw some of them
where they were flying them and just
hitting off the turret of the tank,
which is the most heavily guarded or one
of the most heavily guarded uh uh parts
of the tank. Now, watch what they do
here. There's a Merk of a tank. Watch
how the back door is open and they're
going to put it right in through the
back door there. and it looks like he
hits the the bottom of the back door,
but if you're detonating an anti-tank
weapon in the g in the entrance way of a
tank, you're making an absolute mess.
And again, casualties just don't match
what we're seeing there. Um, let's look
at uh 30.
Where are we on now? Is this 36? The
Abobil.
This is the Abobil T. This is Hasba
built drone. Uh, also you can see with
the forward Canard wings there that
distinguish it from the other drones
that they fire the side 107. Although
we're going to see side 107s entering
Israel there. You can see the wooden
propeller to lower the radar signature
on these. Um, they have a bit more
distance um than and can carry a bit
heavier uh warhead than the Siad 107s.
Um, these are also built by Hzbollah
from Iranian drone um um specs. I'm not
sure what the word to use there is. Um
from designs um and this is how the
resistance axis is fought and this is
the realization of the resistance axis
throughout this whole battle. Um number
37 we are on now. We can see a drone
coming in in Israel. There you can see
the Siad 107 flying over. You're going
to see the Ratat uh Israeli flag there.
It looks like it's been a tough war for
Israel judging by those flags. Um they
seem sad. And then um there's two shots
from civilians of the uh Sed 107. And
now let's look at some air defense
operations. Uh number 38 here. Uh we can
see them using the MISOG. This is an
Iranian uh um uh manportable
surfacetoair missile. There we see the
Apache helicopter. They're going to miss
uh they're going to miss the helicopter,
but they show us everything that went
into setting that up. The helicopter has
a lot of advantages over uh that
particular missile. Although you see the
helicopter make a uh beline to land. He
didn't want to be up after that near
miss. Um but here just let's watch this
for one second. See you can see how they
set up and that's something we never
would see before from Hezbollah. Okay,
let's look at number 39. This is um the
more uh ones we're more used to here uh
through the scope here. Um you can see
they're going to use uh here another
this is a North Korean HT pattern
manportable air defense system. They're
going to fire it against an Elbit uh
Hermes 450. And there you go. Minus one
uh Hermes 450, one of four that have
been shot down in the last few weeks.
This is a second generation SA18
um manportable uh surfaceto-air missile
man pads as people may see uh
jargony people use
um direct hit. So, another strike there.
And then one last Hezbollah video
because I think this one uh really wraps
up how Hezbollah feels. You're looking
at a Fata 110, possibly a Fata 360. Um
short-range ballistic missile. Um and
you see they're a fixing a sticker
there. You see uh Naim Kasam Nasalla and
uh the Virgin Mary. Um there's Nasalla
again on the missile. You see uh there's
Musader, Imam Musader there. Um and then
um on this on the missile is a sticker
that says um it's for the people of
South Lebanon. And the message says,
"You will return to your homes with your
heads held high, oh honorable people of
the south." And then it says on the
missile launcher it says the classic
Casam line. Uh it was not you who threw
but God when you threw. Um so they had
that on the the missile launcher there.
And these are very effective short-range
ballistic missiles that are the same
short-range ballistic missiles that Iran
is firing at the Gulf. Um and so these
are doing damage and these are targeting
uh Israeli military bases and
installations which we get no coverage
of whatsoever. I showed you that drone
factory that got blown up because it was
in the middle of a city. But the bases
that are outside of the city, we're not
hearing anything about casualties, about
hits. It's all being kept secret. Um,
and just on the final note, let's uh
turn to Gaza here. Um, Abu Oda, um, the
new Abu Obeda who replaced uh, Huda al
Kalut who was assassinated um, during
the war. Uh Abu Oda gave a speech today
uh or the other day, two days ago, um
saying that we emphasize that what the
enemy failed to take from us with tanks
and genocide will not be taken from us
through politics and negotiations. He
blessed the people of Gaza for their
steadfastness and sacrifice. Um he said
after a war of genocide and ethnic
cleansing and some of the most horrific
massacres in modern history, the
aggression continues to expand,
spreading across the region. It launched
a treacherous aggression. Israel
launched a treacherous aggression
against Iran in the most deceptive
negotiations in full coordination with
the United States. The true nature of
the Zionist entity has been exposed,
revealing its weakness and total
dependence on external support for help
um for it will not last. Amid global
silence and double standards, the world
demands concessions only from the
Palestinians. While ignoring the
occupation's violations and refusal to
honor agreements, the occupation
continues targeting civilians to create
chaos, turning safe zones into death
traps, restricting aid and movement. Um
he also says that we received with great
pride the message from the Islamic
Republic addressed to our people through
the spokesperson uh Ibrahim Zofagari
um dedicated to the operations uh
dedicating operations putting them on
missiles um to our fallen leaders such
sake Ahmed Yasin and Yahinir the actions
of the fighters in Iran, Lebanon and
Yemen are extensions of the alaxa flood
punishing those responsible for those
war crimes. We declare full support for
Lebanon, its people, and its resistance.
And renew our call for the fighters of
the Lebanese resistance to turn direct
confrontation into a real opportunity to
capture US soldiers. And he ends by
saying, "Once again, we emphasize that
what the enemy failed to take from us
from with tanks and genocide will not be
taken from us with politics and
negotiations.
Kasam is not disarming. As you know as a
regular viewer of this show, that is the
resistance report for week uh for week
six of the Iran war and day 916 of the
genocide in Gaza.